=head1 NAME
 
Dist::Zilla - distribution builder;
 
=head1 VERSION
 
version 5.006
 
=head1 DESCRIPTION
 
Dist::Zilla builds distributions of code to be uploaded to the CPAN.  In this
respect, it is like L<ExtUtils::MakeMaker>, L<Module::Build>, or
L<Module::Install>.  Unlike those tools, however, it is not also a system for
installing code that has been downloaded from the CPAN.  Since it's only run by
authors, and is meant to be run on a repository checkout rather than on
published, released code, it can do much more than those tools, and is free to
make much more ludicrous demands in terms of prerequisites.
 
If you have access to the web, you can learn more and find an interactive
tutorial at B<L<dzil.org|http://dzil.org/>>.  If not, try
L<Dist::Zilla::Tutorial>.
 
=head2 authors
 
This is an arrayref of author strings, like this:
 
  [
    'Ricardo Signes <rjbs@cpan.org>',
    'X. Ample, Jr <example@example.biz>',
  ]
 
This is likely to change at some point in the near future.
 
=head1 SUPPORT
 
There are usually people on C<irc.perl.org> in C<#distzilla>, even if they're
idling.
 
The L<Dist::Zilla website|http://dzil.org/> has several valuable resources for
learning to use Dist::Zilla.
 
There is a mailing list to discuss Dist::Zilla.  You can L<join the
list|http://www.listbox.com/subscribe/?list_id=139292> or L<browse the
archives|http://listbox.com/member/archive/139292>.
 
=head1 SEE ALSO
 
=over 4
 
=item *
 
In the Dist::Zilla distribution:
 
=over 4
 
=item *
 
Plugin bundles:
L<@Basic|Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::Basic>,
L<@Filter|Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::Filter>.
 
=item *
 
Major plugins:
L<GatherDir|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::GatherDir>,
L<Prereqs|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Prereqs>,
L<AutoPrereqs|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::AutoPrereqs>,
L<MetaYAML|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::MetaYAML>,
L<MetaJSON|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::MetaJSON>,
...
 
=back
 
=item *
 
On the CPAN:
 
=over 4
 
=item *
 
Search for plugins: L<https://metacpan.org/search?q=Dist::Zilla::Plugin::>
 
=item *
 
Search for plugin bundles: L<https://metacpan.org/search?q=Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::>
 
=back
 
=back
 
=head1 AUTHOR
 
Ricardo SIGNES <rjbs@cpan.org>
 
=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
 
This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Ricardo SIGNES.
 
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.
 
=cut
